### Poem of the Day

> #### Rain Song
> **Khaled Mattawa**
> 
> &emsp;*After Al-Sayyah*
> 
> &emsp;&emsp;The radio blares “Dialogue of Souls,”  
> and the woman who hated clouds  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;watches the sky.  
> &emsp;&emsp;Where is the sea now? she asks.  
> Where is it from here?  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;What is its name?—  
> &emsp;&emsp;this rain on a morning ride to school,  
> winter, my seventh year,  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;my father driving  
> &emsp;&emsp;through rain, his eyes fixed on a world  
> of credit and debt. On the  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;radio, devotion to  
> &emsp;&emsp;the lifter of harm from those who despair,  
> &emsp;&emsp;knower of secrets with the knowledge of certainty.  
> Not even the anguish of those  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;years, the heavy  
> &emsp;&emsp;traffic, cold and wind could have  
> touched me. I was certain the palm  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;holding me would be  
> &emsp;&emsp;struck again. Chance allows  
> for that and for stars to throb  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;in reachable depths.  
> &emsp;&emsp;Filled with grief bordering happiness,  
> I didn’t care if I was safe,  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;whether the storm  
> &emsp;&emsp;was over, only that it came, the slash  
> of lightning, the groaning sky,  
> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;and the storms we made,  
> &emsp;&emsp;how rain stripped everything of urgency,  
> how to the lifter of harm rise  
> &emsp;&emsp;those who despair.

**Retrieved from [Poetry Foundation](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/54257/rain-song).**